# Pull Request Description

#### Proposed changes

*Describe your changes*

#### Kind of Change
What kind of change does your code introduce? Put an ```x``` in the box that applies.
**NOTE: Please do not create PRs with different purposes. Each PR must have a single purpose: Hotfix, New Feature, or Structural Change.**

- [ ] Hotfix.    
- [ ] New Feature. 
- [ ] Structural Change.  

#### Checklist

Put an ```x``` in the boxes that apply.

### This PR follows the base conventions of the project:
- [ ] Does not add commented code.
- [ ] Does not add code with ```print```.
- [ ] Documentation have been added / updated as needed.
- [ ] Does not add repeated code, it's using Utils, Helpers classes and Extensions when necessary.
- [ ] New Strings are located in ```*.strings``` file and the constants are generated by SwiftGen.
- [ ] Delegates and Datasources are implemented outside the ViewController.
- [ ] Tests have been added / updated as needed.
- [ ] IBOutlets and delegates should be weak to avoid retain cycles.
- [ ] Does not add duplicate images. (Check if the image already exists in the project)

### Tests:
- [ ] Tests are running at 70% coverage, with success and error cases for new features, bugs, and hotfixes.
- [ ] Does not apply to this PR

### Accessibility:
- [ ] Accessibility have been implemented or updated.
- [ ] Does not apply to this PR

### Third-Party Libraries:
- [ ] A new library? It's really neccessary? Explain why
- [ ] Does not apply to this PR

### Comments:

*Comment here if necessary*

# Final checks:
- [ ] [This PR follows **all** coding standards](https://swift.org/documentation/api-design-guidelines/).
- [ ] **All** tests have been executed and are succeeding.
